---
toc: true
comments: true
layout: post
title: Week 1 Blogs and Insights 
description: week 1 rev 
courses: { lab: {week: 2}, csa: {week: 1} }
type: Plans
---

# Tool Blogs
- Tools are important because they allow you to master the basics and complete the harder tasks quickly and effectively . An example of last year that reflected why you need to "love your tools" is because during the first weeks in CSP I struggled a lot when learning the basics of python as my lack of fluent understanding of commands such as cd,ls,and other git commands had me falling behind which led to a lot of panic and stress. As I went on to master my tools I felt more comfortable explaining my code and was able to complete harder assignments easier as I wasn't get lost within my repository. Something that helped me push through understanding my tools was understanding that searching on the internet is a good way to understand how to use my resources to understand my machine.  


# Installations Hack
- As I went upon making my installation process by going through the instructions I had to use a lot of diffrent commands in order to get my local host up such as:
    - CD: "Change Directory" means to  open up a directory where your repo is stored so when I had to complete things in terminal I had to cd to vscode and acsess my directory becuase this is where I cloned it 
    - LS: "List" This is a way to 
    - Fork: This is a wake to make a copy for ex in good docs to get acsess to a copy you make a copy in github you use fork in order to edit it in your own way. 
    - GitClone:This is a way to allow a forked repo to be edited by putting it in your github.
    - Brew Help: This was to check brew and what version I had, after I used brew update to see if I needed any upgrades from last years csp installation.
    - Brew install Jupyter: This is in order to install jupyter notebooks into my machine for java.


# Challenges and Summary
- This week my partner and I were able to overcome many sets of challenges in the process of installation from getting git errors to bundle install errors many times we had to talk through diffrent strategies for a solution, Something I would like to focus on that will better us for next week is to set team goals so we dont get off beat during the hacks I think if we are able to clearly define our goals we will be more time effecient and have a better measure of sucsess. 